Well now that we've got just about everything working as expected let's start to think about how we're
going to actually scale the entire game to fill up the entire screen.
So I want to make sure that no matter what size browser window the user is using.
I want this canvas to stretch from the very top left corner all the way down to the very bottom right.
To do so we're going to add in once the ISIS rule and we're going to change a couple of different variables
inside of our JavaScript file and just about all the logic is going to remain the same.
We just have to make sure that at several different locations we respect a measurement in the y direction
and x direction as opposed to what's going on right now where we just assume we always have an identical
width and height no matter what.
Okay.
So first things first.
What's what the CFS rule that I just mentioned.
Well if you open up your element inspector and take a look at the body elements right now you might
notice that the body by default has a margin of eight pixels on it that is preventing our canvas right
here from getting truly to the top left corner of the browser window.
So let's make sure that we can just remove that default margin on the body to do so.
I'll go back over to my editor.
I'm going to open up the index dot each to your mail file.
Here it is right here in the head element.
I'll add in a style tag
and then inside there I'll select the body and set margin to zero that's going to remove that extra
little bit of space around our canvas by now refresh I should see the canvas go truly up to the top
left corner.
All right.
So now how are we going to make sure that this canvas fills up the entire screen.
So from that corner down to the bottom right.
Well if you take a look at your console really quickly I'm going to type out window right here.
Remember this is our window object which is available to us by default when we are running javascript
code inside the browser one or two properties at this window object has is window dot enter with and
window dot inner height these two properties are going to give me the entire visible area or the dimensions
of it that the user can see right now.
So it's going to be from that top left corner just right underneath the back button all the way down
to the bottom right corner of the viewable area.
It does not include any space that is taken up by the console.
So for example if I pull the console out and then try to get the width again I now get a width that
is much greater than what I had just a moment ago.
You can also see the inner height and width.
If you are using Chrome as you drag around the console just look at the top left hand corner or see
the top right hand corner right there.
So as I pull over the console I'll see that the invisible area gets smaller and smaller so we're going
to use window dot inner height and window dot inner width to figure out exactly how large we want our
canvas to be to get started.
I can go back over to my index dot J.S. file I got to find where we set up height in width right here
and we will pull those values from the window object.
It's also a window dot inner width is going to be with an window dot in her height is going to be height
if I see this file right now and go back over and refresh.
I will still see the maze appear and it's going to take up the full space available to us.
If I close my concern now and then refresh again I'll see you that really does take up the entire browser
window.
However because of our maze logic which assumes we always have equal dimensions for the height and the
width well the entire maze doesn't actually show up correctly.
The ball is shown correctly and our square over here is showing correctly but the actual walls are not
really placed in the appropriate locations.
So it's clear that we're still going to have to do a little bit more work to figure out how to get this
thing to work correctly.
So pause right here.
We're gonna come back the next video and discuss the big refactor they were going to do to a couple
of different variables inside of here to get everything else working the way we expect.